Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meetings connecting audio hacking
Nadine Quintana: We're good. Yeah, we're good.
Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up a note or you find a spot for me to rest. So I'm not moving around. And today, maybe, I don't know what we'll do, if we're going to do the
Gwenevere Abriel: Containers. But for someone to check in with you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Hair spray bottles or candles or something. I can't remember where you
Nadine Quintana: Can't get me to stay with the thing
Nadine Quintana: Because I don't have my other case that I hadn't. It's like
Nadine Quintana: A little bit.
Right.
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: X.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your week been like
Nadine Quintana: It's been great. Just really tired radio ad across the top three this morning me really really tired.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll just take it easy. Then I'm kind of feeling the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happens. Is there anything that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, why is asleep was so for
Nadine Quintana: I think it's because I don't have my man.
Nadine Quintana: I've been having a little trouble with the pharmacy every week because they've been reading out of my events or I have to
Nadine Quintana: I I've been having to wait for them to do, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me make a little note here. So when, when did you last take the buprenorphine.
Nadine Quintana: Or yesterday, but it was just one
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I wouldn't know how to go back and forth. So, just tell me what that means. I just wanna
Nadine Quintana: I just, sorry, sorry, sorry. Um,
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I just have one left 1,000,001 two milligrams ships. That's what I have left for two days because I would have ran out yesterday, but being that the pharmacy.
Nadine Quintana: They haven't been giving it to me, but I'm supposed to get it because they run out of the they've been burning out every week.
Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm writing this down. If that's so, we have yesterday I took two milligrams, is that correct
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And today, you've taken one
Nadine Quintana: Week. Sorry, I'm so sorry. Good. I'm all out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yesterday I took one strip which is four milligrams, is that correct
Nadine Quintana: No, I took the two
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So you choose a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm only going to speak and milligrams, I can go back and forth. I don't know what you're taking. I can't. I wouldn't know that. So when you just think about how many milligrams. How many milligrams. Did you take yesterday.
Nadine Quintana: To two
Gwenevere Abriel: Milligrams and you've taken none this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have two left.
Nadine Quintana: No only have one
Nadine Quintana: Because I already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: One milligram
Nadine Quintana: One ship there. Sorry. The one ship where the two grams.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thinking today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, and you're you're doing it and you just explained why you attributed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pharmacy low on supply. Okay. Have you called around two other pharmacies to see where else she could go
Nadine Quintana: Well, the, the only
Nadine Quintana: pharmacies that are left are just Walgreens and Walmart and they
Nadine Quintana: Been giving me a lot of trouble. So I just, that's why I felt this pharmacy that I have
Nadine Quintana: And I don't know if it's because of everything that's going on there because I usually don't usually pretty good at giving me my meds. It's just that lately like these last it's happened like every three weeks the past three weeks in
Nadine Quintana: That they've been are
Nadine Quintana: Not giving me their will not. Not that they're doing that they're out
Nadine Quintana: There completely out because you like even if they have one or two, or they have like a couple they'll give me just like even a partial and they have been having any at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I asked you if you are looking into a backup plan and it doesn't sound like you're looking into a backup plan.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, because there's not
Nadine Quintana: Any pharmacy has done here. There's just Walmart Walgreens, and the one I thought on RD. And then another one. But that when I been to that one, too.
Nadine Quintana: So you don't have that too many options down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just listed a few of them. You just listed a few
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I've been through all of them, all of them. And I've had really really bad, bad experiences with them. That's how come I I finally found this one that I'm at now and they're usually really really good. It's just simple
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are people is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about. I had a bad experience with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, it is not going to change they still work there. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't, we don't know that to be an absolute
Nadine Quintana: Walmart will give me the generic ones. They say that my insurance doesn't cover for the name brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so that's not people that is generic versus name Brown, that's not an issue that's, that's something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might also think. So right now what we're doing is I'm trying to, to bring up the fact that what once was inconvenient might seem a whole lot more convenient if it meant zero buprenorphine versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Generic
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: Right, I'm gonna waste.
Nadine Quintana: My whole
Well, no, it's not.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. What did you, how many milligrams. Did you just take us today. I took two two and what are you actually prescribed
Nadine Quintana: For four and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say I just wasted, then why wouldn't you just look at yesterday as a waste.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't a way
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you're dropping too fast.
Nadine Quintana: But because I'll get stuck with medicine that doesn't help me for days instead of just waiting for a date to get my medicine, I'll waste that whole week of having something that does not help me at all, instead of just waiting just one day or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, um, I'm just going to back away. You've come to this space through many, many Trials and errors in these different pharmacies and different buprenorphine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you have a handle on and you'll take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see we got
Gwenevere Abriel: We do unless time
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so open to the AM Dr intervention. Okay, talk to you about it. We did some preparation target mapping out. Okay, so we focused on some different targets.
Gwenevere Abriel: To go guns. Okay, talking about your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: angry, sad, your character. Yeah, Europe's
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we did some target mapping. So let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. That's nice. Right there at eye level. So let's keep let's continue kind of the road that we were we were taken before
Gwenevere Abriel: This can be adjusted which you had mentioned before was
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your son's name that threatened to spit on you.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so unbiased was gonna threatening to do it and you felt rage and hatred.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had written. You told me then that you were up in distress at about a, I think it was 70. I'm not sure if I put that there. From zero to 100 how distressing was that situation.
Nadine Quintana: That one I would say if I
Nadine Quintana: Really just why would say Tyco
Nadine Quintana: We could
Nadine Quintana: Add
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so we are our numbers in between 70 and 80, you know. Okay, so where do you want me to put it
Gwenevere Abriel: At ok ok so Andres threatening to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of rage and hatred.
Gwenevere Abriel: My son incident when he was two years ago. I'm not. Is that the same incident or
Nadine Quintana: That one was to like two years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok I was beyond angry hatred Jim rage. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the difficult part has to do with identifying beliefs and this as, you know, takes takes a little bit of talking through because most people don't realize what they believe about themselves at the time. So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be kind of just just roll with it. Just say whatever comes to mind. I'll see if I can kind of nudge until we get there so Recalling back to that that incident.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of share with me some of your thoughts and beliefs, at the time, and we'll see if we can find the one that is a belief about you.
Nadine Quintana: At the time,
Nadine Quintana: Let's see. I fell like
Nadine Quintana: I believe like he
Nadine Quintana: Like he was grateful and
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: She was angry and make something. Something was
Nadine Quintana: Going on with care. That's how I felt.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. I
Gwenevere Abriel: He had me breakfast. When you mean something was going on and what do you mean, something's like
Nadine Quintana: I don't know if something was bothering him that he was telling me he was taking it out on me.
Nadine Quintana: That's
Nadine Quintana: How I kind of felt like something
Nadine Quintana: Something was
Nadine Quintana: Like he maybe he was going through something and you just do
Nadine Quintana: He didn't tell me, and he took it out on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was that
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, he has never told me so.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did that day go
Nadine Quintana: Um, I can't really remember. I just know there
Nadine Quintana: He started fighting with me. I can't even remember why we started fighting
Nadine Quintana: I can't even remember how that Rick, what really happened that day but
Nadine Quintana: He started riding with me for something and it just escalated and got worse and worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's go back to the thought of, he was being ungrateful. That's what he was doing. Those were thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And underneath that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: About yourself while someone is being ungrateful to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that say about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: quiet for a while and you're concentrating really hard, but you're not saying anything. So one of the reasons why it can slow down a little bit, is you're deciding what to say. Instead of letting me do that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like weeding them out, like, no. Okay, let's try this one, this one, but if you just say, how about this. How about this. How about this, we can get there, but there's things going on in your head that I don't know you might have just passed by three of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Gwenevere Abriel: Just share them there's there's no wrong way to do this. There's just, we're going to run across the one that's the most salient, but I can't. I don't know what you're thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try one.
I know
Nadine Quintana: I can, I can you think of anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture your son in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes. I'll do with you. I don't know what it looks like. But I can picture anger familiar with the face. I'm familiar with sort of these tense muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he, I don't know how he was about to spit on your you perceive that this was obviously the height of an escalating situation between YouTube and you're thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's something going on with Andres because
Gwenevere Abriel: He's appears to be directing something that's going on for him with him. He's directing it to me and he's not telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's about to spit on me and he is not grateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what meaning do you make
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a feeling. Keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: So belief about you.
Nadine Quintana: cater for Tim
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a feeling I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Eston hatred.
Nadine Quintana: concussions are you
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're close
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are
Gwenevere Abriel: So thoughts and beliefs are usually very closely linked. So I want you to sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking right some he is ungrateful. I see his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: You moving back and forth. It looks like it's like okay he's ungrateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: It appears that way to you, but then you also have this thought he appears to be taking out something he's going through on me and then over to his ungrateful. It sort of back and forth. Those are
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does what's going on. What does it say about you. What do you believe about yourself in that moment.
Nadine Quintana: There I am.
Nadine Quintana: Was thinking like I try my best.
Nadine Quintana: I feel like kind of giving up sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to give up.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, they give up.
Nadine Quintana: On him. That's how I would
Nadine Quintana: Go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are thoughts. I know most of the time as therapists, we focus on feelings, but that was a five.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now we're going to will stay in there. So I think we're somewhere important just go into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's true for you needing you're going to have to grab it, your pay attention to your body. Because when one of these lands. It'll land like yeah, that's it. Okay, see if it's any of these or one of your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to give up. I want to quit. I can't take this
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't deserve this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm better than this.
Gwenevere Abriel: See where I'm going there. So those are see what just try some of those on and find your own
Nadine Quintana: I can probably
Nadine Quintana: I don't deserve this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I don't deserve this. Let's see if it's connecting so I don't deserve this.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's an ingrate look at him being ungrateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been trying my best. He's behaving in an ungrateful way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that seemed like underlying it all is. I don't deserve this. And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I want to give up on this kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about I want to give up on him. Tell me more about that.
Nadine Quintana: Like I feel like just not even caring what he does what he says what he
Nadine Quintana: Just
Nadine Quintana: Like I feel like not even paying attention.
Nadine Quintana: I just
Nadine Quintana: If he does something. I don't like
Nadine Quintana: Don't even pay it no mind just let him go on with whatever you're doing, and
Nadine Quintana: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: What her when you say doing typically what are a couple things that he's doing.
Nadine Quintana: He gets it. He gets mad at me, or he gets
Nadine Quintana: Frustrated with himself for whatever you know he's having a hard time just about even pay it no mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just over what what are the things he's frustrated over
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't talk to your family, you know, I don't know if you know that much, don't talk much about your daughter, your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't really know what's going on. And oftentimes people give you stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: More times than not, that's the context that their life that that brings the joy, the stress brings it all right to a four.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't get to hear much about what's going on with him. I wonder why that is.
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: Don't know. Like there was two years ago. So it's kind of hard for me to
Nadine Quintana: Really being war.
Nadine Quintana: Was happening around us, or work.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, so I'm trying to think. But I just see like
Nadine Quintana: I remembered the anchor.
Nadine Quintana: Anchor remember but I can't remember what
Nadine Quintana: I can
Nadine Quintana: Make a fake a blur.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this over with. And so different. The relationship is now open harmonious playful.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, it's better
Nadine Quintana: I mean we we did have an incident.
Nadine Quintana: A while back.
Nadine Quintana: And now I'm starting to see things a little different because I think now like back then. I didn't know maybe
Nadine Quintana: I'm getting some place here. But I think a lot has to do because his dad's not around because I got into it with him a while back, and this is like recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me what that means. I'm so sorry. Recently, and while that knowing, hear me.
Nadine Quintana: Sorry, like
Nadine Quintana: A couple months ago I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
And
Nadine Quintana: He wasn't as bad as he was two years ago. But he was still like pretty disrespectful.
Nadine Quintana: And I talked to his dad and I told his dad like I can't do this with him. I can't
Nadine Quintana: I can't go through this with him and
Nadine Quintana: You need to talk to him. And you know, I don't. I told my husband. Like, I don't care. You know, if it hurts you. I don't care. But you maybe he needs a male
Nadine Quintana: You know you, your dad. His father to tell him you know don't talk to your mom like that. Don't disrespect her like that. Or, you know, just maybe, if he has that male telling him. Maybe he'll let people change and my husband ended up talking to him and
Nadine Quintana: I don't know what happened to my son, or what but he ended up being really different.
Nadine Quintana: I I know my, my, my husband told me that he told him something like
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: He had told him not to be talking to me like that, not to be disrespecting me like that. And my son said while
Nadine Quintana: I was there for you that I was there for you a mom left do
Nadine Quintana: And my husband said it but
Nadine Quintana: She's my wife.
Nadine Quintana: And I'm going to choose my wife over anybody
Nadine Quintana: And my son. God, like, really, are you going to quit talking to me, are you going to stop talking to me, my, my husband said I would never stopped talking to you.
Nadine Quintana: But you need to stop disrespecting your mom because there when it comes to your mom. I'm going to choose your mom's side.
Nadine Quintana: And after that, my son started acting I grill.
Nadine Quintana: Really, really good with me. That tells me I love you mom and he hugs me and he
Nadine Quintana: You know if my little ones even being a little bit naughty with me. He'll go in the room. Okay, don't be DON'T BE TALKING TO MOM, my daughter. Don't be misbehaving or
Nadine Quintana: You know, so I noticed I go really, really big difference after my husband, talk to him.
Nadine Quintana: So that makes me think that maybe that's what was going on with him. Maybe he misses his dad around because he was used to establish being there and then his dad's not
Gwenevere Abriel: So you spent some time thinking about maybe what the cause was you've got got a summary about
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that I'm curious about has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the this. See if you can be a little bit more precise. I can't do this with him. I understand all of the other stuff. He said,
Gwenevere Abriel: When I sit in.
Gwenevere Abriel: My client. I'm interested in you around this. What's the this
Nadine Quintana: I came
Nadine Quintana: With the week.
Nadine Quintana: I kind of like Larry said before, like I can't stress myself out with him. I need to focus on me. I need to make sure I'm okay.
Nadine Quintana: I can
Nadine Quintana: I can't stress myself out because he wants to be mad at something he wants to be mad at me and mad about and
Nadine Quintana: I, I can see
Nadine Quintana: It you know if he's gonna talk to me in a disrespectful way or treat me mean
Nadine Quintana: I don't want anything to do with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaks
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you give me an example of how he speaks. What do you said
Nadine Quintana: He'll tell me like
Nadine Quintana: Your
Nadine Quintana: You're broken. You can't get us nothing in here.
Nadine Quintana: What else SEC kill time Munich shadow villagers stupid and
Nadine Quintana: I hate staying with you. I hate being with you.
Nadine Quintana: Said, so many things I
Gwenevere Abriel: as recent as a month ago.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, a couple months ago. He was like,
Nadine Quintana: Telling me that I don't even care about him. And why is he asking because he was going to a friend's house and asked him, like what friend, where he was going to need told me it's not like you care. You don't care what I do.
Nadine Quintana: And you don't do nothing for me anyway. And you don't find me close and to be honest with you, I get those kids.
Nadine Quintana: Everything they have everything that they have. And they have very nice expensive these all of them. And I'm like, How does he not see that how does he not see that I worked my ass off to get them what they need, you know,
Nadine Quintana: How can he be so grateful. Not see how how hard I work to get him $140 pair of shoes or get him a big screen TV for each room or get him expensive. Nice. How can he not see them. How can you say I don't buy him the
First
Gwenevere Abriel: First response. Try not to edit to say what comes up. Okay, why do you find those things first response.
Nadine Quintana: Because I want to make him happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had a conversation about what would make him happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for some people they say
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how I show my son. I love him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're sacrificing
Gwenevere Abriel: Many things to make that possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it anywhere in there that that's a part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's any of that true
Nadine Quintana: I think maybe I could do something else besides writing stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in your relationship with Andres is buying him things such as particular age. Is that a part of how you show him you love him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when he says
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What does that say
Gwenevere Abriel: About you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing something with your mail with true or not true. Whoops. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Nadine Quintana: Sorry, my daughter. She
Nadine Quintana: Wanted me to call the school for
Nadine Quintana: Me.
Nadine Quintana: I'm
Nadine Quintana: Trying to be a good mom. I'm not the best mom but they try
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say about you're trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To Catch a quick first thought.
Okay.
Nadine Quintana: What do I see
Gwenevere Abriel: I you lost it. So that's why you're doing a lot of thinking it would be really, it works. As soon as you have the thought, when you say it, that's, that's when I actually grab something but you run it through a filter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't say it should say it maybe this isn't right. You're always right. It's whatever it is, it's coming up, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that, that first thing. Those are the ones that are most likely to be right on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay to picture you're
Gwenevere Abriel: buying them $140 shoes right
Gwenevere Abriel: Etc example, don't get too caught up in that. So I'm buying him nice shoes. I'm working so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want him to be happy. I'm trying my best to be a good mom and he says,
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't care about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You broke. Shut up, you stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: snot like you care what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that say about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning you make about you when he does that.
Nadine Quintana: There I am glad that I
Nadine Quintana: try my best.
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: Good I sorry. I was gonna say that he's wrong thing that popped into my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am good. And he is wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's fundamental terms I am good.
Gwenevere Abriel: He is
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad wrong. You're good, he's bad now you're going to stay away from your good. You can't take it. You're good, he's bad no gray. Just go to real sharp
Gwenevere Abriel: Opposites
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also said earlier that you were thinking not quite so dichotomous Lee, which is black and white.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, bad, right, wrong, up, down, you were actually thinking my son might be going through something that's that thought right there is the stuff in the middle. That's the I'm not good, bad, he's not good, bad, it's not a fixed thing about our characters. It's wonder if he's going through something
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you end up navigating this thing when he said you don't say it was passive aggressive in his communication. Now you don't like you care what I'm doing. How did that end up going to that one escalate, what did you do in your mind with that passive aggressive statement.
Nadine Quintana: I just thought I do care what you're doing. I do care about you.
Nadine Quintana: I wouldn't ask if I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: And were you talking like that. Is that how it went.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I had talked to him, I said, I always call and see how you're doing when you're out or I always ask you where you're going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like that.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, like I tried. I didn't yell at him this time it wasn't
Nadine Quintana: It wasn't like last time when I was yelling back at him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: I actually try to explain things to him. So even though he was really, really mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the end of it. Did he seem happy.
Nadine Quintana: No.
Nadine Quintana: He just seemed like he was getting more more mad.
Nadine Quintana: Is like us getting angrier.
Nadine Quintana: Have nicer and calmer. I was
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is if I had to guess, it's probably along the lines of what you were suspecting meaning there's something going on with him.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Is typically around I'm loved
Gwenevere Abriel: If through all of this, he could during that that discussion. Did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, I love you were going through a rough patch i know i i know everything's gonna be okay. I love you, kid. You seem really upset and I'm here. If you ever want to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the way you're talking is unacceptable. So I'd like you to and then whatever the discipline is that's that's what I wonder, because he's this this type of communication is typically trying to get you to say something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really a twisted way of doing it. But most of us engage in this kind of behavior at one point or another. We don't just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm concerned, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That you care about me. He doesn't just say, Hey, Mom.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you're the way you show care. You may mean it with big love. It doesn't mean it's received that way. Everyone has their own language and the way he takes it in might be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in that moment, if you were angry he might have thought yeah see she cares. It is a bizarre thing what we people do in our head.
Gwenevere Abriel: To finally extract the attention and love that we need. We can twisted around. We don't know. We're doing it. But if somebody gets angry and really fights for us. And I see. Okay, look, they feel like, I feel, oh that's they love me, it can get really twisted quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're staying calm may have been received as a message like see she doesn't care, she's she look
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know that I'm by no means am I saying to change a thing about what you're doing. I'm not even nowhere near that just I WASN'T THERE AT NO IDEA. But that's sometimes what's happening for people
Gwenevere Abriel: If you care to be as upset as I am, you would mirror me you'd look like me. I'm so underneath it all. I'm guessing he is going through something
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't mean it's a reflection of you being a good parent
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern is right in there. It's like, it's this so I'm not going to be able to do the end yard, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can sit a little bit longer. So instead of, I can't do this. You see, if you say if a person says, I can't do this and you basically are saying I can't talk to you. Go away. It kind of looks like you don't care if you follow kind of maybe i mean i'm trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to understand what you're doing to see his perspective, your perspective and see
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want a close connection with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we go to that belief. I can't do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: His worst nightmare might be happening like my mom's pulling away when I get really scared because the heart behind all that anger and disrespect is a scared kit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he is no way, can he say it no way he that's like five levels down too far away. He can identify that. So he's going to show angry and he's going to say to you, you don't care you flip that around and it's like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you care, but I don't know what the heck I'm doing I'm out here, and I don't know what he's doing sign with a group of kids that are telling him to go this way. You're saying that way. And his dad like this way and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're saying this way that all this pressure going this way. I mean, he is if he's a teenager or in his 20s. This is a tough time
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard, hard, hard
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to shush, and listen to what you're thinking about
Nadine Quintana: I was just thinking
Nadine Quintana: I don't know i i think things are getting
Nadine Quintana: Like I. Well, at first I was thinking I felt bad for him.
Hmm.
Nadine Quintana: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: To see have pressures, as a young, a young man.
Nadine Quintana: I mean yeah of course he you know
Nadine Quintana: He has he has questions.
Nadine Quintana: But I was just
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. I was just kind of thinking like I just told
Nadine Quintana: You know, our, our
Nadine Quintana: Well, we're starting to to form of whatever
Nadine Quintana: keeps going better and it doesn't make a turn for the worse.
Nadine Quintana: You know, and maybe next time. If it does, I could handle it a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did what, and you're going to do what differently.
Nadine Quintana: I'm going to before I didn't, I just kind of shoot him away.
Nadine Quintana: And this time I could maybe talk to him.
Nadine Quintana: And ask him, you know, like what's going on or
Nadine Quintana: Let him know you know that I'm here for him. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go. Instead of, I can't do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Says something rude.
Gwenevere Abriel: My belief about myself doesn't need to change my love for my child doesn't change if we can hold on to ourselves a little longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say, Yes, I can. I can do this. And this is be there for my son. I'm okay. I'm not just
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone's accusations. I don't care if someone calls me all kinds of names. I'm like, well, my name. True. So, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I then I can hold space for them. And I can say, you know what you don't normally don't normally talk to me like this. I'm suspecting something else is going on. Let me know if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to talk to me about what's going on, but you're hurting our relationship. By the way, you're talking to me. So maybe let's let's talk in an hour, because there's both
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to damage the relationship by it by saying, you know, if you are however spits on you, however bad. It gets you can do both. We can say that that's going to damage us
Gwenevere Abriel: But I love you and I want to hear what's going on. Maybe underneath. So maybe we'll take some will take an hour or so and then I'd love to know what's going on because I care.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it can be. You see how it's kind of both
Gwenevere Abriel: But none of that is possible if your belief about yourself, is I can't do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's why I was merging in there. So for so long. Really trying to see what was going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only can you do this you have done it beautifully. So you have a long track record of actually hanging in difficult conversations with your kids. You have done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and maybe we will feel stress. It's part of being
Nadine Quintana: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, it's a we're constantly running that line self care peace. Oh, this is a tough one. Okay, I'll be into it. I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be in I might feel a little disrespected, a little angry myself. I might feel in patient. Okay, I'll do some breathing. I'll do some drawing. I'll do some journaling. I'll come back. It's not just by
Gwenevere Abriel: Can have those feelings. We've got to stay in here. That's what it is to be just sort of this human right there in the middle just constantly trying to get back to center back to this peace and calm life life's Messy. Messy. Messy. Messy.
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's process a little bit meeting right here at the end just sort of take some quiet time to reflect on what you noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: About yourself today. There's no rush. Plenty of time just
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, take a moment.
Nadine Quintana: And notice
Nadine Quintana: calmer than I used to be.
Nadine Quintana: Don't get as angry as I used to be.
Nadine Quintana: An IV call night, I don't know, more relaxed.
Nadine Quintana: And happy more happy than
Nadine Quintana: I've been in really long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think your daughter notices you think your voice. Notice
Nadine Quintana: It did they do.
Nadine Quintana: Because they're a little
Nadine Quintana: Different with me than before. Well, a lot different with me.
Nadine Quintana: Like they mess around with me and
Nadine Quintana: joke with me.
Nadine Quintana: You know,
Nadine Quintana: I, a lot of the time we're just
Nadine Quintana: Like messing around, and
Nadine Quintana: You know, just being funny just doing place. Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: And that's something we never did before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see how you would interpret that is that they can see the change because if they can be sarcastic.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can see your resilience. That's not conscious. They're not thinking oh my mom's about us, although I hope they're thinking that
Gwenevere Abriel: But it just happens. It's like this person is human can handle a little sarcasm, a little playful little jabs to me giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know you know someone calls me, you know, some calls me uptake or the equivalent could be word
Gwenevere Abriel: Or any other things I'm going to laugh for all even start the conversation because I know why am
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I look like that sound like that. And so I'm like I yeah okay got it, but I'm more than that. I'm also all these other things too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I can hear it. You know what I mean. But if I don't have that confidence and self esteem. It's going to, I'm going to be so defensive me so angry So you. It sounds like you have done a lot of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your kids are noticing, and it's fun, it's more fun to play.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going around stuff.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, it's, it's fun. I got an A lot better. And I think our relationships have gotten a lot better.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, I know I feel really um
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, I feel pretty blessed
Nadine Quintana: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Let's go to get a little chart here of your progress. This is a I know it's right now. It's a little bumpy with the pharmacy situation, but we got 330 and then for 13 kind of closer to home right in the middle there, but so I'm just going to say for slush sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your actual dose, which you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed is what remind me.
Nadine Quintana: It's four and a half milligrams or
Gwenevere Abriel: four by five. Okay, got it. Okay. And do you need me to a message, the doctor. I'm gonna
Nadine Quintana: I'm just gonna need a script.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's what I'll do. Then
So it was bred in
Gwenevere Abriel: Was branch to today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me write her right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs and order anything you want me to write sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: she forgets like whether it's a tablet strip she forgets things so I can write
Nadine Quintana: I was gonna ask her to see if maybe she could give me like an extra push usually just gives me to last week, till I see her again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Nadine Quintana: And I was gonna ask her if she could give me like, at least for a date extra
Nadine Quintana: Just
Nadine Quintana: In case the pharmacy thing because it's always a date because they have to wait for the truck to come in and usually comes in Tuesday.
Nadine Quintana: Maybe she could if she could do that for me, I would really, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can you see if you can give her one extra day due to pharmacy delivery is consistently running a day late on supply does that get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: ALL RIGHT, LET'S SEE WHAT SHE AND YOUR NEXT GROUP, you're going to see one.
Nadine Quintana: The next group is next week because I don't go to the right thing that I seen you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you'll go 13 week
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, great. All right, my dear. Be good to you. And if there's any issue just reach out. I think you probably still have her number directly or London virtual clinic. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you later. Take care.
Nadine Quintana: Okay. Thanks again.